Add PWA Example (#15433)
vercel/next.js: examples/progressive-web-app/README.md

> # Progressive Web App
> 
> This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) Progressive Web App Example.It is using [`next-pwa`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/next-pwa) to auto generate service worker and workbox file.
> 
> ## Deploy your own
> 
> Deploy the example using [Vercel](https://vercel.com):
> 
> [![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/import/project?template=https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/hello-world)
> 
> ## How to use
> 
> ### Using `create-next-app`
> 
> Execute [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app) with [npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/init) or [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/cli/create/) to bootstrap the example:
> 
> ```bash
> npx create-next-app --example progressive-web-app pwa
> # or
> yarn create next-app --example progressive-web-app pwa
> ```
> 
> ### Download manually
> 
> Download the example:
> 
> ```bash
> curl https://codeload.github.com/vercel/next.js/tar.gz/canary | tar -xz --strip=2 next.js-canary/examples/progressive-web-app
> cd progressive-web-app
> ```
> 
> Install it and run:
> 
> ```bash
> npm install
> npm run dev
> # or
> yarn
> yarn dev
> ```
> 
> Deploy it to the cloud with [Vercel](https://vercel.com/import?filter=next.js&utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=next-example) ([Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Progressive Web App Example

This example uses [`next-pwa`](https://github.com/shadowwalker/next-pwa) to create a progressive web app (PWA) powered by [Workbox](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/workbox/).

## Deploy your own

Deploy the example using [Vercel](https://vercel.com):

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/import/project?template=https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/progressive-web-app)

## How to use

Execute [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app) with [npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/init) or [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/cli/create/) to bootstrap the example:

```bash
npx create-next-app --example progressive-web-app progressive-web-app
# or
yarn create next-app --example progressive-web-app progressive-web-app
```

Deploy it to the cloud with [Vercel](https://vercel.com/import?filter=next.js&utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=next-example) ([Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment)).

```
